DejaVu is an interesting phenomenon in
this case we continuously hear a
repeated point stores are closing down
we have looked into the misinformation
that ecommerce is solely responsible for
this situation and the data stands the
test of time what is most unusual is
that most people can't really pay
attention long enough to figure out the
basic factors in which they are
surrounded viewer retention gets worse
every second patience is thin and yet
when it comes to a crisis scenario all
people will be able to do is cry and beg
for help
good luck with that you came here for
the truth
so let me unveil that for you if you
have been watching the money GPS for a
while you know what this is all about I
bring you the data directly from the
source I give you everything I possibly
can and I put it together piece by piece
into these videos which I try to keep
around the 10 minute mark
most people they go out there they turn
the TV on they put it on their favorite
program maybe it's 7 p.m. they're
watching the news whatever that one
individual show is providing them that's
all they're gonna know or they look in
their Apple news on their phone they get
four articles a day they usually just
skim the headlines that's all they're
gonna know maybe some people get the
morning paper they'll look at a few
headlines they see what's on the front
they'll look into a couple pages and
then they check the sports section and
they move on for most people they are
not learning anything of any relevance
because if you're not digging into the
deeper layers at least one layer deep
you are simply unaware of what's going
on but you you and you you are are the
ones who are willing to take the time to
download this knowledge into your mind
and I commend your efforts today I'm
gonna show you what's happening in the
real economy I'm gonna pull from the
different sources I'm gonna show you
what you need to know let's get into it
right away
apparel retailer forever21 files for
bankruptcy now we did expect this to
happen not just because it's a retailer
and they seem to all be going to a
business however this news came up
recently and they said that this was
most likely going to oak
I just wanted to note the fact that
forever21 has requested approval to
close up to 178 US stores this company I
believe it said had just over 800 stores
globally and we will see the fact that
this company here will do what all of
the other ones have done it closed 178
now and then things get worse and it's
278 and it's 378 and then you see the
recession come in and of course they
start to close more and more and more
and just like so many others they'll
have to shut the doors the problem with
this and the others I'll show you in
just a second is that real people are
affected by this it doesn't matter about
the corporation of forever 21
nobody has to necessarily care about
this faceless organization and the CEOs
bonus and if they're gonna have to give
up the personal driver and Taylor that's
not what I care about what we're looking
at here is individuals who are losing
work and then they can't necessarily go
anywhere else
simply because more and more retailers
are shutting their doors okay so there
is an abundance of people applying for
these jobs and is not necessarily enough
room to fill them people take the jobs
and what's going on right now we see
individuals taking on two and three jobs
they're at minimum wage they're
temporary jobs they're whatever they can
get the numbers are completely skewed
and you're not gonna necessarily get
everything you want simply by looking at
let's say the u3 unemployment rate we've
gone into that many times before
I've got an issue right now with the
retail sector and I've covered it so
many times before but those are just a
few points that I wanted to make Macy's
is closing its landmark downtown Seattle
store in February this happens to be
just one of them we could see this with
so many imagine a company like this you
go in there it's beautiful on the inside
you see people shopping like crazy you
look around then it seems to be doing
well however there are many factors here
number one on the consumer end people
are buying everything with debt they're
getting the credit card that's provided
by the company at these big-box stores
or perhaps
they are using their credit cards
they're using their personal line of
credits anything they can to be able to
buy the things that they don't need
that's one factor but look at it on a
different level from the corporation
number one rents are way way way too
high real estate costs in general are
extremely high you look at the energy
prices that they're paying to keep up
with these buildings it's so incredibly
expensive then you have of course
problems with management problems with
employees there's so many different
layers to this and we can see one after
the other shutting their doors okay
there are many reasons for each
individual situation underlying all of
this is an economic problem and that
isn't going to be fixed anytime soon
Pier one Imports is still shrinking
sales decline more than fourteen percent
this summer while it posts a 100
million-dollar second quarter lost after
cutting prices to sell off to
slow-moving merchandise we've seen this
at so many different retailers so many
different businesses that are basically
creating these fire sales to get the
inventory moving this particular company
has 951 stores and it looks like they've
already closed 70 locations this year so
there's 951 and perhaps we will see all
of these go extinct in that case here
we've got a lot of people looking for
other jobs this isn't good at all as
always I like to give you the
information directly from the source I
give you all the data that you need
anytime you see something at the money
GPS you an always go down into the
description under where it says sources
used in this video there are links for
everything there take a look at course
site comm on a regular basis ok because
I'm not going to necessarily cover this
every single report they provide but I
do like to cover it as often as I
possibly can because it is factual and
there is no way to deny what's going on
we have looked into this so many times
before I have done a breakdown of
exactly what factors create the mess
that were in
but regardless take a look at this now
US retailers have announced 85-67
door closers and 3506 store openings
this is a growing divide that of course
cannot be fixed by central bank
intervention can't be fixed by allowing
mortgages to go extend further and
further making housing rules really easy
to for people to get in all of these
reserve requirements at banks getting
more relaxed these type of things do not
do anything except expand the bubble and
sure you might be able to prolong
something from occurring but in fact
you're just making the inevitable much
much worse all of the problems that we
are experiencing today will not be
resolved by the actions that are being
taken by those in control it is truly
unfortunate that they are only trying to
make things worse that's a whole
different topic if you want to check
this out go to coresight calm and you
will be able to see the weekly reports
that they do and you get this snapshot
here for free so definitely just take a
look at that on occasion
okay now switching gears I always find
this funny and I do bring it up but this
is a good screenshot that kind of
encompasses what I've talked about so
many times before look on the screen
here and you can see things that are in
my opinion unusual however the frequency
at which these occur seems to be rather
curious stocks rally and trade optimism
being the reason on so many different
days
this right here is example after example
after example isn't that funny that
trade optimism which there by the way is
there is none at all if you look at what
has happened over the last that's a year
and a half there has been nothing
optimistic about the trade issues going
on between China in the US if you've
actually been looking at what is truly
there what is actually happening not
just oh he said this and that guy said
that unconfirmed sources said this from
the actual information we have things
are worse now than they were last year
so let's get serious with it what we are
seeing is a true manipulation and that's
fine for some people who are willing to
sell on the perfect day on the absolute
peak at what they believe is very
be top but for 99.999% of people they
are deluding themselves China on Monday
released a closely watched indicator on
its manufacturing activity their PMI was
forty nine point eight in September this
is yet again a contraction I've been
showing you the PM eyes for different
countries I shown you a JP Morgan Global
PMI all of these are moving either
towards contraction or already there now
that is truly something to worry about
because it's a real economic indicator
especially we see this on a global level
on a global scale things are getting
worse and it is impossible to deny the
data when it's been going on for so long
many of these statistics are showing
that same trend since the beginning of
2018 we are going towards two years of
this and yet the mainstream media is
unwilling to admit the weakness they are
suggesting well you know maybe there's a
problem next year all you're focusing on
is the stock market and why because you
have all of these different fund
companies because all of those
advertisements which keep your business
running don't want to see the
information like this and of course they
brush it off always brushing it off I
understand why but if you're into that
info clearly we're not on the same page
Chinese us home like to hit an 8-year
low says leading property site that
should be no surprise to anybody the
issues that are going on right now
between the US and China are very
obvious that they're very out in the
open those in China are worried about
what's happening between the two and
they're kind of just stepping back from
it all and they're seeing where it goes
if they see real optimism a trade deal
happens even in a limited form which is
something I've talked about many many
many times that of course would start to
change things but we don't have that in
fact things are worse now than they ever
were since this whole trade battle began
feds quarrels says the economy is solid
despite uncertain
around us trade policy sounds a lot like
what Jerome Powell said the FOMC
meetings statements they say the exact
same thing everything is good especially
in the US however we got some issues
that might be a problem but they exist
outside the borders nothing to worry
about growth is solid in the US economy
is looking great we're just gonna
decrease interest rates multiple times
here and we're going to have to deal
with this whole repo situation and of
course we expanded our balance sheets
that information is public and
potentially start qe4 but that remains
to be seen so don't worry about it
everything is solid risk off flows
resume if you look at what has happened
I mean most people do not believe this
information if you see the EPF are they
provide this data and you can see it for
yourself global equities are in the
negative in fact it shows you here minus
200 billion dollars worth at the very
top the yellow line 286 billion dollars
is going into corporate debt an emerging
market debt further down here you can
see forty five billion dollars for
global government bonds so we know
what's happening the world is definitely
changing this isn't 2017 anymore all of
these big fund companies have readjusted
their portfolios the average 7 share of
Amazon type investor is looking at it
saying look in this time frame I've been
buying 7 chairs of Amazon so clearly
this information isn't true fake news
that's what I keep hearing but it's
completely senseless because the data is
right there all I'm doing is reading
from the actual data but of course I
understand where they're coming from
because it hurts the truth it certainly
does hurt most people can't handle it
secular growth stocks are
underperforming defensive stocks and you
can see the secular growth stocks
relative to defensive stocks this
happens on occasion and right now the
recession risk is rising whenever there
are concerns we see the changes to these
fund companies we can track this
coming from different sources looking at
different pieces of data ultimately it
doesn't tell you that there's gonna be a
recession tomorrow it doesn't tell you
that there's gonna be a crash in the
stock market but what it does give you
some insight into is where the money is
going to and from and that's what I
cover here on the channel and as a
result this is something that I have
seen increasing in frequency increasing
in support and I have watched so many
people pushing this globally really it's
happening everywhere support for
universal basic income ubi
is on the rise according to a new Hill
Harris X poll released on Wednesday the
nationwide survey found that 49 percent
of registered voters are in favor of a
government-issued basic living stipend
and you can look at the chart there just
to give you an idea of how this has
persisted and actually increased within
this period of time from February to
September now with all of these
different surveys you're getting a
limited amount of people but if you just
see all the dots and connect them many
many people are going in this direction
and that tells me that people are having
a tough time with their finances people
in the top let's say 10% I don't think
that they're in favor of this perhaps
even the top 20 percent aren't in favor
of this but for those people who are
right at the edge they are unable to
make ends meet should they lose their
job should there be some sort of crisis
in their lives they're gonna be in big
trouble and perhaps these are the ones
who are in favor of this particular
program now it might be from the US
Canada Europe Australia wherever it is
but I've been seeing it more and more
and more as always if you want to track
the progress of what's happening with
the layoffs bankruptcies and the
closings check out daily job cuts calm a
great resource I check into regularly
I'm gonna end the video there if you
found our informative hit that thumbs up
button when you do so you are supporting
this channel thank you very much if you
want to build a business if you want to
learn how to make money for yourself
that is completely passive you can check
out the Amazon GPS it is a free equal
that I made to teach you step-by-step
how to do it the Amazon GPS comm if you
want the financial education that was
not taught to you during your school
term then all you have to do is read
these two books and you're gonna get
that foundation the history the asset
classes everything you need to know
check it out in the link in the
description if you want the audio book
that's available at the money GPS comm
hang on wait wait have you seen this
video I think it is truly very important
definitely click on it and I'll see you
over there